REGR: setitem writing into RangeIndex instead of creating a copy (#47143)
pandas-dev/pandas: doc/source/whatsnew/v1.4.3.rst

Fixed regressions
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
- Fixed regression in :meth:`DataFrame.replace` when the replacement value was explicitly ``None`` when passed in a dictionary to ``to_replace`` also casting other columns to object dtype even when there were no values to replace (:issue:`46634`)

> - Fixed regression in :meth:`DataFrame.loc.__setitem__` updating :class:`RangeIndex` when index was set as new column and column was updated afterwards (:issue:`47128`)

Reviewer: ```:meth:`DataFrame.loc.__setitem__` ``` doesn't render a link.

```suggestion
- Fixed regression when setting values with  :meth:`DataFrame.loc` updating :class:`RangeIndex` when index was set as new column and column was updated afterwards (:issue:`47128`)
```

Author: Ah thx.
